1.0.0 (2021-06-29)
==================

Bug Fixes
---------

- Fixed :class:`pytest_response.app.Response` and added another exception :class:`~pytest_response.exceptions.DatabaseNotFound`. (`#13 <https://github.com/devanshshukla99/pytest-remote-response/pull/13>`__)


Added/Improved Documentation
----------------------------

- More simplified `README.rst` page. (`#7 <https://github.com/devanshshukla99/pytest-remote-response/pull/7>`__)
- Added more informative doc-strings. (`#10 <https://github.com/devanshshukla99/pytest-remote-response/pull/10>`__)
- Added a supported clients list in the documentation. (`#18 <https://github.com/devanshshukla99/pytest-remote-response/pull/18>`__)
- Documentation now hosts getting started, why? and how it works? pages! (`#21 <https://github.com/devanshshukla99/pytest-remote-response/pull/21>`__)
- Added documentation and example usage of :class:`~pytest_response.database.ResponseDB` in the ``How it Works?`` page. (`#23 <https://github.com/devanshshukla99/pytest-remote-response/pull/23>`__)

Backwards Incompatible Changes
------------------------------

- Renamed package from `pytest-response` to `pytest-remote-response`. (`#9 <https://github.com/devanshshukla99/pytest-remote-response/pull/9>`__)
- Renamed interceptors to a more clear norm. (`#15 <https://github.com/devanshshukla99/pytest-remote-response/pull/15>`__)


Features
--------

- Instead of moving through entire pipleline, now the interceptors will return a :class:`pytest_response.app.BaseMockResponse` directly. (`#1 <https://github.com/devanshshukla99/pytest-remote-response/pull/1>`__)
- Added a :meth:`pytest_response.app.Response.configure` method for setting values of remote, capture and response. (`#3 <https://github.com/devanshshukla99/pytest-remote-response/pull/3>`__)
- Added interceptor for `aiohttp` library. (`#4 <https://github.com/devanshshukla99/pytest-remote-response/pull/4>`__)


Trivial/Internal Changes
------------------------

- Similified :obj:`pytest_response.logger.log` use. (`#3 <https://github.com/devanshshukla99/pytest-remote-response/pull/3>`__)
- Now the :meth:`pytest_response.database.ResponseDB.get` method will automatically rstrip "/", useful in comparing URLs. (`#4 <https://github.com/devanshshukla99/pytest-remote-response/pull/4>`__)
- Now `status` code will also be dumped/responded with along with `data` and `headers`. (`#6 <https://github.com/devanshshukla99/pytest-remote-response/pull/6>`__)
- Simplified GitHub actions as a two step process. (`#8 <https://github.com/devanshshukla99/pytest-remote-response/pull/8>`__)
